README_EN.md, before:

# Ophel Atlas 🚀

> Turn AI chats into documents you can read, navigate, and reuse

<div align="center">
  <img src="./assets/icon.png" width="120" height="120" alt="Ophel Logo"/>

  <h3 style="margin-top: -2px;">✨ Turn Conversations into Knowledge, Not Just History ✨</h3>
  
  <p>
    No more getting lost in endless scroll. Clarify context with real-time Outlines, Build your system with Conversation Folders, Refine experience with the Prompt Library, Let sparkling thoughts flow freely in order.
  </p>
  
  <sub>👇 Demo: From "Infinite Scroll" to "Navigable AI Documents"</sub>
  
  ![Ophel Demo](./assets/demo/outline.gif)
  
  <p>
    <strong><em>Making AI chat a truly organizeable workflow for the first time</em></strong><br/>
  </p>

  <small style="opacity: 0.6;">
  No matter which of these platforms you use, Ophel lets you organize conversations into reusable workflows with a consistent, unified experience.
  </small>
  <p>
    <a href="https://chatgpt.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ChatGPT-74aa9c?logo=openai&logoColor=white" alt="ChatGPT"/></a>
    <a href="https://gemini.google.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gemini-4285F4?logo=google%20gemini&logoColor=white&labelColor=4285F4&color=34A853" alt="Gemini"/></a>
    <a href="https://grok.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Grok-000000?logo=x&logoColor=white" alt="Grok"/></a>
    <a href="https://claude.ai"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Claude-D97757?logo=anthropic&logoColor=white" alt="Claude"/></a>
    <a href="https://aistudio.google.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/AI%20Studio-4285F4?logo=google&logoColor=white" alt="AI Studio"/></a>
    <a href="https://business.gemini.google/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gemini%20Enterprise-9334E6?logo=google&logoColor=white" alt="Gemini Enterprise"/></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/urzeye/ophel/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/More_coming_soon...-lightgrey" alt="More coming soon"/></a>
    </br>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/urzeye/ophel?color=blue" alt="Version">
    <a href="./LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC_BY--NC--SA_4.0-lightgrey.svg" alt="License"></a>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/urzeye/ophel" alt="Last Commit">
    <a href="https://github.com/urzeye/ophel/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/urzeye/ophel?style=social" alt="Stars"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/urzeye/ophel/network/members"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/urzeye/ophel?style=social" alt="Forks"></a>
    </br>
    <a href="https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/ophel-ai-%E5%AF%B9%E8%AF%9D%E5%A2%9E%E5%BC%BA%E5%B7%A5%E5%85%B7/lpcohdfbomkgepfladogodgeoppclakd"><img src="https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/users/lpcohdfbomkgepfladogodgeoppclakd?logo=google-chrome&logoColor=white&label=Chrome%20Web%20Store&color=4285F4&labelColor=4285F4" alt="Chrome Web Store"></a>
    <a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/zh-CN/firefox/addon/ophel-ai-chat-enhancer/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/amo/users/ophel-ai-chat-enhancer?logo=firefox&logoColor=white&label=Firefox%20Add-ons&color=FF7139&labelColor=FF7139" alt="Firefox Add-ons"></a>
    <a href="https://greasyfork.org/zh-CN/scripts/563646-ophel-ai-chat-page-enhancer"><img src="https://img.shields.io/greasyfork/dt/563646?logo=tampermonkey&logoColor=white&label=Greasy%20Fork&color=black&labelColor=black" alt="Greasy Fork"></a>
  </p>

</div>

<!-- Promo Link -->
<p align="center">
  📣 <a href="https://github.com/urzeye/ophel/issues/30">
    <strong>Help promote Ophel Atlas</strong>
  </a>
  <br/>
  <a href="https://www.producthunt.com/products/ophel?embed=true&utm_source=badge-featured&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=badge-ophel" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><img alt="Ophel - Enhance AI chat with outline, conversations, prompts & more. | Product Hunt" width="250" height="54" src="https://api.producthunt.com/widgets/embed-image/v1/featured.svg?post_id=1068867&theme=light&t=1769514514380"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#-demo">Demo</a> •
  <a href="#-core-features">Core Features</a> •
  <a href="#-quick-start">Quick Start</a> •
  <a href="#%EF%B8%8F-architecture">Architecture</a> •
  <a href="#-support">Support</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  🌐 <strong>English</strong> | <a href="./README.md">简体中文</a> | <a href="./docs/i18n/README_zh-TW.md">繁體中文</a> | <a href="./docs/i18n/README_ja.md">日本語</a> | <a href="./docs/i18n/README_ko.md">한국어</a> | <a href="./docs/i18n/README_de.md">Deutsch</a> | <a href="./docs/i18n/README_fr.md">Français</a> | <a href="./docs/i18n/README_es.md">Español</a> | <a href="./docs/i18n/README_pt.md">Português</a> | <a href="./docs/i18n/README_ru.md">Русский</a>
</p>

## 📹 Demo

|                                                          Outline                                                           |                                                       Conversations                                                        |                                                          Features                                                          |
| :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| <video src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a40eb655-295e-4f9c-b432-9313c9242c9d" width="280" controls></video> | <video src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a249baeb-2e82-4677-847c-2ff584c3f56b" width="280" controls></video> | <video src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6dfca20d-2f88-4844-b3bb-c48321100ff4" width="280" controls></video> |

## ✨ Core Features

- 🧠 **Smart Outline** — Auto-parse user queries & AI responses into rich structured outlines
- 💬 **Conversation Manager** — Folders, tags, search, batch operations
- ⌨️ **Prompt Library** — Variables, Markdown preview, categories, one-click insert
- 🎨 **Theme Customization** — 20+ dark/light themes, custom CSS
- 🔧 **UI Optimization** — Widescreen mode, page & bubble width control, sidebar layout
- 📖 **Reading Experience** — Scroll lock, reading history restore, Markdown fixes
- ⚡ **Productivity Tools** — Shortcuts, model lock, tab auto-rename, notifications
- 🎭 **Claude Enhancement** — Session Key management, multi-account switching
- 🔒 **Privacy First** — Local storage, WebDAV sync, no data collection

## 🚀 Quick Start

> [!tip]
>
> **We highly recommend using the Browser Extension version** for a more complete feature set, better experience, and higher compatibility. The Userscript version has limitations.

### Web Store

<a href="https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/ophel-ai-%E5%AF%B9%E8%AF%9D%E5%A2%9E%E5%BC%BA%E5%B7%A5%E5%85%B7/lpcohdfbomkgepfladogodgeoppclakd"><img src="https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/users/lpcohdfbomkgepfladogodgeoppclakd?logo=google-chrome&logoColor=white&label=Chrome%20Web%20Store&color=4285F4&labelColor=4285F4" alt="Chrome Web Store"></a>
<a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/zh-CN/firefox/addon/ophel-ai-chat-enhancer/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/amo/users/ophel-ai-chat-enhancer?logo=firefox&logoColor=white&label=Firefox%20Add-ons&color=FF7139&labelColor=FF7139" alt="Firefox Add-ons"></a>
<a href="https://greasyfork.org/zh-CN/scripts/563646-ophel-ai-chat-page-enhancer"><img src="https://img.shields.io/greasyfork/dt/563646?logo=tampermonkey&logoColor=white&label=Greasy%20Fork&color=black&labelColor=black" alt="Greasy Fork"></a>

### Manual Installation

#### Browser Extension

1. Download & unzip from [Releases](https://github.com/urzeye/ophel/releases/latest)
2. Open browser extensions page, enable **Developer mode**
3. Click **Load unpacked** and select the unzipped folder

#### Userscript

1. Install [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/)
2. Download `.user.js` file from [Releases](https://github.com/urzeye/ophel/releases)
3. Drag into browser or click the link to install

### Local Build

<details>
<summary>Click to expand build steps</summary>

**Requirements**: Node.js >= 20.x, pnpm >= 9.x

```bash
git clone https://github.com/urzeye/ophel.git
cd ophel

pnpm install
pnpm dev              # Development mode
pnpm build            # Chrome/Edge production build
pnpm build:firefox    # Firefox production build
pnpm build:userscript # Userscript production build
```

</details>

## 🏗️ Architecture

**Tech Stack**: [Plasmo](https://docs.plasmo.com/) + [React](https://react.dev/) + [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) + [Zustand](https://github.com/pmndrs/zustand)

<details>
<summary>📐 Architecture Diagram (click to expand)</summary>

```mermaid
%%{init: {'theme': 'base', 'themeVariables': { 'primaryColor': '#6366f1', 'primaryTextColor': '#fff', 'primaryBorderColor': '#4f46e5', 'lineColor': '#94a3b8', 'secondaryColor': '#f1f5f9', 'tertiaryColor': '#e2e8f0', 'background': '#ffffff'}}}%%
flowchart TB
    subgraph Platforms["🚀 Dual Platform Build"]
        direction LR
        EXT["🧩 Browser Extension<br/><small>Plasmo + Manifest V3</small>"]
        US["🛢️ Userscript<br/><small>Vite + vite-plugin-monkey</small>"]
    end

    subgraph Entry["📦 Entry Layer"]
        direction LR
        CE["Content Script<br/><small>ui-entry.tsx</small>"]
        BG["Background<br/><small>background.ts</small>"]
        OPT["Options Page<br/><small>tabs/options.tsx</small>"]
        USE["Userscript Entry<br/><small>platform/userscript/entry.tsx</small>"]
    end

    subgraph Adapters["🔌 Site Adapters"]
        direction LR
        GEM["Gemini"]
        GPT["ChatGPT"]
        CLA["Claude"]
        GRK["Grok"]
        AIS["AI Studio"]
        GEE["Gemini<br/>Enterprise"]
    end

    subgraph Core["⚙️ Core Modules"]
        direction TB
        TM["🎨 Theme Manager<br/><small>Theme Switch · View Transitions</small>"]
        OM["📑 Outline Manager<br/><small>Outline Generation · Navigation</small>"]
        RH["📖 Reading History<br/><small>Position Restore</small>"]
        ML["🔒 Model Lock<br/><small>Model Locking</small>"]
        NM["📡 Network Monitor<br/><small>Request Interception · Status Detection</small>"]
    end

    subgraph State["💾 State Management"]
        direction LR
        ZS["Zustand Stores<br/><small>settings · prompts · conversations</small>"]
        CS["Chrome Storage<br/><small>local · sync</small>"]
        GM["GM_* Storage<br/><small>Userscript API</small>"]
    end

    subgraph UI["🎯 UI Components"]
        direction TB
        APP["App.tsx"]
        MP["MainPanel<br/><small>Side Panel</small>"]
        SM["SettingsModal<br/><small>Settings Dialog</small>"]
        TABS["Tabs<br/><small>Outline · Conversations · Prompts</small>"]
    end

    subgraph CSS["🎨 Styling System"]
        direction LR
        SD["Shadow DOM<br/><small>Style Isolation</small>"]
        TV["CSS Variables<br/><small>Theme Variables</small>"]
        TH["Theme Presets<br/><small>20+ Preset Themes</small>"]
    end

    %% Connections
    EXT --> CE & BG & OPT
    US --> USE

    CE --> Adapters
    USE --> Adapters

    Adapters --> Core
    Core --> State

    CE --> UI
    USE --> UI
    UI --> CSS

    ZS <--> CS
    ZS <-.-> GM

    %% Styles
    classDef platform fill:#818cf8,stroke:#6366f1,color:#fff
    classDef entry fill:#34d399,stroke:#10b981,color:#fff
    classDef adapter fill:#fbbf24,stroke:#f59e0b,color:#1f2937
    classDef core fill:#60a5fa,stroke:#3b82f6,color:#fff
    classDef state fill:#f472b6,stroke:#ec4899,color:#fff
    classDef ui fill:#a78bfa,stroke:#8b5cf6,color:#fff
    classDef css fill:#fb923c,stroke:#f97316,color:#fff

    class EXT,US platform
    class CE,BG,OPT,USE entry
    class GEM,GPT,CLA,GRK,AIS,GEE adapter
    class TM,OM,RH,ML,NM core
    class ZS,CS,GM state
    class APP,MP,SM,TABS ui
    class SD,TV,TH css
```

</details>

### 🐛 Bug Report

For issues or suggestions, please visit [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/urzeye/ophel/issues).

## ⭐ Star History

<a href="https://star-history.com/#urzeye/ophel&Date">
 <picture>
   <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=urzeye/ophel&type=Date&theme=dark" />
   <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=urzeye/ophel&type=Date" />
   <img alt="Star History Chart" src="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=urzeye/ophel&type=Date" />
 </picture>
</a>

## 💖 Support

<p align="center">
  <em>"If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together."</em>
</p>

<p align="center">
  If Ophel improves your workflow or learning, please consider supporting via Star or Sponsor to help us go further.
</p>

<p align="center">
  Made with ❤️ by <a href="https://github.com/urzeye">urzeye</a>
</p>

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under **CC BY-NC-SA 4.0**. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for details.

> ⚠️ **Commercial packaging, resale, or unauthorized integration is prohibited.** For commercial licensing: **<igodu.love@gmail.com>**

Commit message:

docs: add use cases and privacy notes to readmes (#94)

README_EN.md, after:

# Ophel Atlas 🚀

> Turn AI chats into documents you can read, navigate, and reuse

<div align="center">
  <img src="./assets/icon.png" width="120" height="120" alt="Ophel Logo"/>

  <h3 style="margin-top: -2px;">✨ Turn Conversations into Knowledge, Not Just History ✨</h3>
  
  <p>
    No more getting lost in endless scroll. Clarify context with real-time Outlines, Build your system with Conversation Folders, Refine experience with the Prompt Library, Let sparkling thoughts flow freely in order.
  </p>
  
  <sub>👇 Demo: From "Infinite Scroll" to "Navigable AI Documents"</sub>
  
  ![Ophel Demo](./assets/demo/outline.gif)
  
  <p>
    <strong><em>Making AI chat a truly organizeable workflow for the first time</em></strong><br/>
  </p>

  <small style="opacity: 0.6;">
  No matter which of these platforms you use, Ophel lets you organize conversations into reusable workflows with a consistent, unified experience.
  </small>
  <p>
    <a href="https://chatgpt.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/ChatGPT-74aa9c?logo=openai&logoColor=white" alt="ChatGPT"/></a>
    <a href="https://gemini.google.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gemini-4285F4?logo=google%20gemini&logoColor=white&labelColor=4285F4&color=34A853" alt="Gemini"/></a>
    <a href="https://grok.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Grok-000000?logo=x&logoColor=white" alt="Grok"/></a>
    <a href="https://claude.ai"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Claude-D97757?logo=anthropic&logoColor=white" alt="Claude"/></a>
    <a href="https://aistudio.google.com"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/AI%20Studio-4285F4?logo=google&logoColor=white" alt="AI Studio"/></a>
    <a href="https://business.gemini.google/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/Gemini%20Enterprise-9334E6?logo=google&logoColor=white" alt="Gemini Enterprise"/></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/urzeye/ophel/issues"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/More_coming_soon...-lightgrey" alt="More coming soon"/></a>
    </br>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/package-json/v/urzeye/ophel?color=blue" alt="Version">
    <a href="./LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/License-CC_BY--NC--SA_4.0-lightgrey.svg" alt="License"></a>
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/github/last-commit/urzeye/ophel" alt="Last Commit">
    <a href="https://github.com/urzeye/ophel/stargazers"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/stars/urzeye/ophel?style=social" alt="Stars"></a>
    <a href="https://github.com/urzeye/ophel/network/members"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/forks/urzeye/ophel?style=social" alt="Forks"></a>
    </br>
    <a href="https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/ophel-ai-%E5%AF%B9%E8%AF%9D%E5%A2%9E%E5%BC%BA%E5%B7%A5%E5%85%B7/lpcohdfbomkgepfladogodgeoppclakd"><img src="https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/users/lpcohdfbomkgepfladogodgeoppclakd?logo=google-chrome&logoColor=white&label=Chrome%20Web%20Store&color=4285F4&labelColor=4285F4" alt="Chrome Web Store"></a>
    <a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/zh-CN/firefox/addon/ophel-ai-chat-enhancer/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/amo/users/ophel-ai-chat-enhancer?logo=firefox&logoColor=white&label=Firefox%20Add-ons&color=FF7139&labelColor=FF7139" alt="Firefox Add-ons"></a>
    <a href="https://greasyfork.org/zh-CN/scripts/563646-ophel-ai-chat-page-enhancer"><img src="https://img.shields.io/greasyfork/dt/563646?logo=tampermonkey&logoColor=white&label=Greasy%20Fork&color=black&labelColor=black" alt="Greasy Fork"></a>
  </p>

</div>

<!-- Promo Link -->
<p align="center">
  📣 <a href="https://github.com/urzeye/ophel/issues/30">
    <strong>Help promote Ophel Atlas</strong>
  </a>
  <br/>
  <a href="https://www.producthunt.com/products/ophel?embed=true&utm_source=badge-featured&utm_medium=badge&utm_campaign=badge-ophel" target="_blank" rel="noopener noreferrer"><img alt="Ophel - Enhance AI chat with outline, conversations, prompts & more. | Product Hunt" width="250" height="54" src="https://api.producthunt.com/widgets/embed-image/v1/featured.svg?post_id=1068867&theme=light&t=1769514514380"></a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  <a href="#-demo">Demo</a> •
  <a href="#-core-features">Core Features</a> •
  <a href="#-quick-start">Quick Start</a> •
  <a href="#%EF%B8%8F-architecture">Architecture</a> •
  <a href="#-support">Support</a>
</p>

<p align="center">
  🌐 <strong>English</strong> | <a href="./README.md">简体中文</a> | <a href="./docs/i18n/README_zh-TW.md">繁體中文</a> | <a href="./docs/i18n/README_ja.md">日本語</a> | <a href="./docs/i18n/README_ko.md">한국어</a> | <a href="./docs/i18n/README_de.md">Deutsch</a> | <a href="./docs/i18n/README_fr.md">Français</a> | <a href="./docs/i18n/README_es.md">Español</a> | <a href="./docs/i18n/README_pt.md">Português</a> | <a href="./docs/i18n/README_ru.md">Русский</a>
</p>

## 📹 Demo

|                                                          Outline                                                           |                                                       Conversations                                                        |                                                          Features                                                          |
| :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------: |
| <video src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a40eb655-295e-4f9c-b432-9313c9242c9d" width="280" controls></video> | <video src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/a249baeb-2e82-4677-847c-2ff584c3f56b" width="280" controls></video> | <video src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/6dfca20d-2f88-4844-b3bb-c48321100ff4" width="280" controls></video> |

## Use Cases

- Learning & research: long-form reasoning, organize knowledge, review conclusions, extract notes
- Daily work: requirements breakdown, solution drafting, competitive analysis, meeting notes, consulting & management workflows
- Development & technical writing: long code discussions, bug triage, architecture exploration, docs/blog writing
- Content creation: iterate on scripts/outlines/polish, jump back to key passages, export for reuse
- Power users of AI: need structure, order, and reuse — not just ad-hoc chats

## ✨ Core Features

- 🧠 **Smart Outline** — Auto-parse user queries & AI responses into rich structured outlines
- 💬 **Conversation Manager** — Folders, tags, search, batch operations
- ⌨️ **Prompt Library** — Variables, Markdown preview, categories, one-click insert
- 🎨 **Theme Customization** — 20+ dark/light themes, custom CSS
- 🔧 **UI Optimization** — Widescreen mode, page & bubble width control, sidebar layout
- 📖 **Reading Experience** — Scroll lock, reading history restore, Markdown fixes
- ⚡ **Productivity Tools** — Shortcuts, model lock, tab auto-rename, notifications
- 🎭 **Claude Enhancement** — Session Key management, multi-account switching
- 🔒 **Privacy First** — Local storage, WebDAV sync, no data collection

<details>
<summary>Privacy & Data (expand)</summary>

**Ophel Atlas** puts privacy first: local by default, your data stays in your control.

- **Local by default:** settings, prompts, and conversation management data are stored in your browser
- **No account required:** use it without signing up
- **Permissions on demand:** optional permissions are requested only when needed and can be revoked anytime (see the Permissions page in the extension)
- **Optional WebDAV sync:** use your own WebDAV for multi-device consistency (controllable, portable)
- **Export & backup:** export and migrate to avoid lock-in

</details>

> Note: Support for specific AI sites depends on site matching and page structure changes.

## 🚀 Quick Start

> [!tip]
>
> **We highly recommend using the Browser Extension version** for a more complete feature set, better experience, and higher compatibility. The Userscript version has limitations.

### Web Store

<a href="https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/ophel-ai-%E5%AF%B9%E8%AF%9D%E5%A2%9E%E5%BC%BA%E5%B7%A5%E5%85%B7/lpcohdfbomkgepfladogodgeoppclakd"><img src="https://img.shields.io/chrome-web-store/users/lpcohdfbomkgepfladogodgeoppclakd?logo=google-chrome&logoColor=white&label=Chrome%20Web%20Store&color=4285F4&labelColor=4285F4" alt="Chrome Web Store"></a>
<a href="https://addons.mozilla.org/zh-CN/firefox/addon/ophel-ai-chat-enhancer/"><img src="https://img.shields.io/amo/users/ophel-ai-chat-enhancer?logo=firefox&logoColor=white&label=Firefox%20Add-ons&color=FF7139&labelColor=FF7139" alt="Firefox Add-ons"></a>
<a href="https://greasyfork.org/zh-CN/scripts/563646-ophel-ai-chat-page-enhancer"><img src="https://img.shields.io/greasyfork/dt/563646?logo=tampermonkey&logoColor=white&label=Greasy%20Fork&color=black&labelColor=black" alt="Greasy Fork"></a>

### Manual Installation

#### Browser Extension

1. Download & unzip from [Releases](https://github.com/urzeye/ophel/releases/latest)
2. Open browser extensions page, enable **Developer mode**
3. Click **Load unpacked** and select the unzipped folder

#### Userscript

1. Install [Tampermonkey](https://www.tampermonkey.net/)
2. Download `.user.js` file from [Releases](https://github.com/urzeye/ophel/releases)
3. Drag into browser or click the link to install

### Local Build

<details>
<summary>Click to expand build steps</summary>

**Requirements**: Node.js >= 20.x, pnpm >= 9.x

```bash
git clone https://github.com/urzeye/ophel.git
cd ophel

pnpm install
pnpm dev              # Development mode
pnpm build            # Chrome/Edge production build
pnpm build:firefox    # Firefox production build
pnpm build:userscript # Userscript production build
```

</details>

## 🏗️ Architecture

**Tech Stack**: [Plasmo](https://docs.plasmo.com/) + [React](https://react.dev/) + [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/) + [Zustand](https://github.com/pmndrs/zustand)

<details>
<summary>📐 Architecture Diagram (click to expand)</summary>

```mermaid
%%{init: {'theme': 'base', 'themeVariables': { 'primaryColor': '#6366f1', 'primaryTextColor': '#fff', 'primaryBorderColor': '#4f46e5', 'lineColor': '#94a3b8', 'secondaryColor': '#f1f5f9', 'tertiaryColor': '#e2e8f0', 'background': '#ffffff'}}}%%
flowchart TB
    subgraph Platforms["🚀 Dual Platform Build"]
        direction LR
        EXT["🧩 Browser Extension<br/><small>Plasmo + Manifest V3</small>"]
        US["🛢️ Userscript<br/><small>Vite + vite-plugin-monkey</small>"]
    end

    subgraph Entry["📦 Entry Layer"]
        direction LR
        CE["Content Script<br/><small>ui-entry.tsx</small>"]
        BG["Background<br/><small>background.ts</small>"]
        OPT["Options Page<br/><small>tabs/options.tsx</small>"]
        USE["Userscript Entry<br/><small>platform/userscript/entry.tsx</small>"]
    end

    subgraph Adapters["🔌 Site Adapters"]
        direction LR
        GEM["Gemini"]
        GPT["ChatGPT"]
        CLA["Claude"]
        GRK["Grok"]
        AIS["AI Studio"]
        GEE["Gemini<br/>Enterprise"]
    end

    subgraph Core["⚙️ Core Modules"]
        direction TB
        TM["🎨 Theme Manager<br/><small>Theme Switch · View Transitions</small>"]
        OM["📑 Outline Manager<br/><small>Outline Generation · Navigation</small>"]
        RH["📖 Reading History<br/><small>Position Restore</small>"]
        ML["🔒 Model Lock<br/><small>Model Locking</small>"]
        NM["📡 Network Monitor<br/><small>Request Interception · Status Detection</small>"]
    end

    subgraph State["💾 State Management"]
        direction LR
        ZS["Zustand Stores<br/><small>settings · prompts · conversations</small>"]
        CS["Chrome Storage<br/><small>local · sync</small>"]
        GM["GM_* Storage<br/><small>Userscript API</small>"]
    end

    subgraph UI["🎯 UI Components"]
        direction TB
        APP["App.tsx"]
        MP["MainPanel<br/><small>Side Panel</small>"]
        SM["SettingsModal<br/><small>Settings Dialog</small>"]
        TABS["Tabs<br/><small>Outline · Conversations · Prompts</small>"]
    end

    subgraph CSS["🎨 Styling System"]
        direction LR
        SD["Shadow DOM<br/><small>Style Isolation</small>"]
        TV["CSS Variables<br/><small>Theme Variables</small>"]
        TH["Theme Presets<br/><small>20+ Preset Themes</small>"]
    end

    %% Connections
    EXT --> CE & BG & OPT
    US --> USE

    CE --> Adapters
    USE --> Adapters

    Adapters --> Core
    Core --> State

    CE --> UI
    USE --> UI
    UI --> CSS

    ZS <--> CS
    ZS <-.-> GM

    %% Styles
    classDef platform fill:#818cf8,stroke:#6366f1,color:#fff
    classDef entry fill:#34d399,stroke:#10b981,color:#fff
    classDef adapter fill:#fbbf24,stroke:#f59e0b,color:#1f2937
    classDef core fill:#60a5fa,stroke:#3b82f6,color:#fff
    classDef state fill:#f472b6,stroke:#ec4899,color:#fff
    classDef ui fill:#a78bfa,stroke:#8b5cf6,color:#fff
    classDef css fill:#fb923c,stroke:#f97316,color:#fff

    class EXT,US platform
    class CE,BG,OPT,USE entry
    class GEM,GPT,CLA,GRK,AIS,GEE adapter
    class TM,OM,RH,ML,NM core
    class ZS,CS,GM state
    class APP,MP,SM,TABS ui
    class SD,TV,TH css
```

</details>

### 🐛 Bug Report

For issues or suggestions, please visit [GitHub Issues](https://github.com/urzeye/ophel/issues).

## ⭐ Star History

<a href="https://star-history.com/#urzeye/ophel&Date">
 <picture>
   <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: dark)" srcset="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=urzeye/ophel&type=Date&theme=dark" />
   <source media="(prefers-color-scheme: light)" srcset="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=urzeye/ophel&type=Date" />
   <img alt="Star History Chart" src="https://api.star-history.com/svg?repos=urzeye/ophel&type=Date" />
 </picture>
</a>

## 💖 Support

<p align="center">
  <em>"If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together."</em>
</p>

<p align="center">
  If Ophel improves your workflow or learning, please consider supporting via Star or Sponsor to help us go further.
</p>

<p align="center">
  Made with ❤️ by <a href="https://github.com/urzeye">urzeye</a>
</p>

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under **CC BY-NC-SA 4.0**. See [LICENSE](./LICENSE) for details.

> ⚠️ **Commercial packaging, resale, or unauthorized integration is prohibited.** For commercial licensing: **<igodu.love@gmail.com>**
